to cover up my ripped pants what are you
getting right this getting ready to jump
at 14,000 feet you ever have an airplane
yes I am doing this grab that it's a
first time second first time solo solo
okay so you did at anima board yes loved
it one doesn't want to come back me okay
so yes it is how many times you jump I'm
a DFT that's Han okay yeah it's
addictive well I said this first time
you jump in you know you're jumping in
with your own parachute you got an
instructor on both side of it you leave
an airplane got some newest man yeah as
long as you do what you're supposed to
there will be there well we're getting
right hop on a plane just like you did
before the tan we're going to 14,000
feet okay you're gonna hop out Stevens
you can be on either side of it you got
some maneuvers you got to do everything
I'll do that make sure you know what
you're doing but when you're doing with
all that you can have fun with me on the
camera gap
I'll be right in front of shooting video
and then you're gonna be laying your
parachutes gonna be a lot of fun so what
are you expecting out this since you've
really done yet before what's what do
you think about he's getting addicted
yeah you might as well stick a shot in
your arm and there's no junkie now yeah
well I think he'll do I do great ready
to skydive oh he was an ace student in
class I know so don't screw this up all
right Jim you ready go jump on everybody
yes I am
you
like doing a it's a lot different cuz
even find a candy by yourself
so how do you feel right now
I won't be nervous tomorrow
image deep here's my rosette it seems
like a food cats
great have fun oh yeah you picked a good
day is gorgeous out there remember dude
Stephanie I do for your instructors they
don't forget about me but don't pay
attention until you down with their
there follow the eye
well Jimmy just did your first landing
on your own accord with parachute how'd
that feel
one down nine thousand nine hundred
ninety more to go baby
I think you did on that job I got some
improvement did you but you know all in
all I landed yes you did any Skylab you
can walk away from secrets gotta
absolutely big thumbs up man
congratulations you're doing your first
AFF jump thank you it is